an Israeli air strike has killed three
sons of Hamas Chief Ismael Han in Gaza
the Israeli military confirmed the
attack and said the three men were
operatives in hamas's military Wing
media Reports say some of Han's
grandchildren were also killed in the
strike he accused Israel of acting in
the spirit of Revenge and murder and
said Hamas would not give into pressure
on his
family earlier we asked DW's armyan Isa
in Jerusalem what role Isel Han plays in
The War and what effect the killings may
have on the ongoing ceasefire
negotiations well he really is the top
leader of Hamas but also the Diplomatic
face of Hamas uh he's been a leader
since 2017 he lives outside of the Gaza
Strip in Qatar shuttling between Qatar
and turkey as well as meeting Iranian
officials for talks he's able to travel
around because he's not inside the Gaza
strip he's also safe from air strikes
because of that uh now it's really up to
him what happens in the negotiations of
course he is uh going back and forth
with other leaders of Hamas but really
he he came out and he said after the
strikes that uh this would not affect
the negotiations but really his this is
uh the the biggest loss for him since
the conflict started uh this latest
conflict so it really uh it remains to
be seen whether or not this will have an
effect on those negotiations which uh
for all intents and purposes uh lie in
his
hands I'm MEF reporting that now Muslims
around the world have been marking Eid
the end of the holy month of Ramadan
traditionally observed with three days
of Celebration this year's festivities
are overshadowed by the Israel Hamas war
in Gaza where Palestinians are facing
critical shortages of food water and
Medicine praying alongside the ruins the
white men is all that's left from this
mosque in Rafa the rest of the building
was destroyed during an Israeli
offensive in
February last Eid I was surrounded by my
children looking at them with joy but
today I am injured unable to move or go
anywhere this Palestinian mother has
come to the grave of her son on the
first day
of I wish he was here with me he would
go to the mosque in the morning and say
to me prepare my present for when I
return he's gone everything good is gone
more than 6 months into the war the
Hamas run Health Ministry in Gaza says
over 33,000 people have been killed most
of them civilians thousands remain
unaccounted
for in the occupied West Bank
worshippers also kept Gaza and their e
prayers DW spoke with the head of a
relief organization in
ramala over the last 6 months and now we
are entering the seventh uh month we are
calling for for the E sustained Aid
entry to Gaza the needs are massive and
every day that passes and go on we see
the more needs that are growing un
experts say 1.1 million people half the
population are experiencing catastrophic
food insecurity with the humanitarian
crisis getting worse Israel's closest
allies are voicing more criticism by the
day US President Joe Biden told us
Spanish language broadcast network
Univision that Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's approach was a
quote
mistake agree with his I think it's
outrage there's no excuse to not provide
for the medical and the and the and the
and the food needs of those people they
should be done now Israel said it
allowed a record number of a trucks into
Gaza since the War Began on the eve of
the
holiday but Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu recently insisted no
force in the world would stop Israeli
troops from entering draa that's where
most gazin have gone to avoid the
fighting but Israel's military also
insists gaza's Southernmost city is
harboring the remaining battalions of
Hamas whose October 7even Terror attacks
in Israel started the
war German airline lansa says it has
temporarily suspended its flights to and
from Iran's Capital toan due to what
they call the current situation in the
Middle East the airlines says it is in
contact with authorities and monitoring
the situation Israel and the United
States are high alert and preparing for
a possible attack by Iran against
military and government Targets in
response to a suspected bombing by
Israel war planes of the Iranian
Consulate in Syria 10 days
ago